number three start up your purse pick
six event and these are mean race race
number three the 17 pieces of silver cup
race 2000 meter schemata Costanza and
snob for the parade headed by entry
number one and that is prime rate writer
mark a Alvarez carrying 54 former
Commissioner Fraley subdivision Siviglia
on my are a trainer is dyrdek Vicente
prime rate darling saddle Amanda
kidnappin on Oh young holding Lavanya 30
days but $1300 and 118 point six beating
the likes of time money and immaculate
the owner mr. mani Santos here is mr.
jazz public was a winner last May 8 you
can see javi in an giambo latina Luna on
static and market values now rather than
130 point 3 over 1400 meters from Papa
goose a it's now John Alvin Lucier for
horse Hari negombo then comes number 3
that one is completely piloted by Kelvin
via Bobo carrying 55 Mandaluyong Ben Hur
Ovilus jr. under my RA not Papa in
Solomon's sinister event to pass quietly
21 days young nappy last Rania Pongo
Lhasa 1,400
na orison young chap on one 29.7 in a
boat borin magna carta Big Daddy stream
male it's Calvin via Baba for number
three Barkley for horse is StarLab with
Jackie Paki Ramos dilemma the owner mr.
Joseph the Hanko and the trainer is mr.
Anthony Francisco function dementia
demoting the Vincent arrived Elizabeth
Magna Carta and big data stream last May
13 now Rossiter Lebanon 130 point for
for the 1400 from jockey FM Raquel
junior it's now puppy dilemma for horse
left and right behind the left comes the
favorite number five magna carta with
Jessie Basilio goosey on top carrying 55
Michael dragon Xavier is the owner then
this one is being saddled by query and
Sun magna carta Segundo you can young
last ran over bought bought 1,400
rockefeller lump lemon one 27.7 male in
ten young regular rider Jimmy goose a
NASA a Baba ba nee magna carta number
five six horse is money Queen with
Jackie v8 swore with junior the owner
mr. Lehman well King jr. and the trainer
is Clarita people alvarez para ser
Jacques in advancing stock immaculately
last May 12 now rather than 130 point 5
over 1400 meters same writer
jockey beats Bobby jr. on horse
money Queen
and then being followed by n3 number
seven and that is our Bindu go on board
is Jeffrey Barbosa bhai carrying 55
attorneys if it is the port and shipping
may her a country Neuromancer if Renato
upon Jung ko or Windu go was a tenth
placer last rania the Duncan abode bow
Magna Carta and Big Daddy swing 113 a
man hunt in a pass of 1,400 male its JB
bhai Kai on Irving Google number seven
max up is the nine horse that's
high-voltage with Jackie FM Raquel
junior owned and trained by mr. hermie
is Kara Palamas Adama vanilla dancing
storms immaculate and Molly clean last
May 12 now rather than one 31.5 over
1400 meters same writer jockey FM Raquel
jr. on horse high-voltage and finally we
have 7a and there is cheese massa guided
by jonathan bus for Hernandez carrying
54 same connection of carbon do go my RA
attorney city s giveus the port trainer
autumn young co-ed animal number assured
of 85 days in Canyon last run was a
winner over 1,900 meters except envelope
on Venuto and neguin crema
beating the likes of tensions Rankin
Arvin do go that's number seven a sir
once again Jimmy Hernandez ma han-shan
Grenda on cheese Musa complete on a
putana mejor para la parada and having
steamed PC
hi
huh
take sporty and money